{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 BASE GAME FOLDER\ulnone \
\

\b BonusTags.png
\b0 \
-display over bottom timer bar when a bonus is active. Each tag corresponds to a bonus scenario and also accounts for stacked bonuses if you retrigger the bonus round before your previous bonus has expired. \
\
Stacked bonuses change properties under certain combinations. For instance, a multiplier followed by a multiplier will stack the multiplier amount and refill the bonus timer fully. A multiplier followed by a time bonus will add whatever the time bonus amount was to the existing bonus timer. A time bonus followed by a multiplier should however cancel out the bonus time and give the multiplier bonus priority.\
\
Note: WILD HEARTS is a new bonus type that turns all Hearts wild for 20-30 seconds. SUPER CHARGE turns all skull pieces into super charged skulls for 20-30 seconds as well. Retriggering the bonus round while these powers are still active and getting time bonuses refills this meter by that amount.\
\

\b ChainMatchTags.png
\b0 \
- display as chains are made\
\

\b Font_Score1.png
\b0 \
- used to show score at top Hud\
\
Score distribution:\
normal matches = 10 points per block\
chains = multiply the score for the move by the chain amount (2 chain = 2x, 5 chain =5x etc).\
\

\b HUDBottom.png
\b0 \
- hud cover for bottom\

\b \
HUDTop.png
\b0 \
- hud cover for top\
\

\b NoMovesCover.png
\b0 \
- cover gameboard when no moves are possible and board repopulates\
\

\b Pause.png
\b0 \
-pause button\
\

\b StoryModeBG.png
\b0 \
- base background \
\

\b TimerBase1.png
\b0 \
- upper timer bar base. loop infinitely\
\

\b TimerBase2.png
\b0 \
- lower timer bar base. loop infinitely\
\

\b TimerFIll1.png
\b0 \
- covers up TimerBase1 so that it looks like the timer is decreasing. As time counts down TimerBase1 will fill with black.\
\
Base Time scale = (subject to change)\
60 seconds for first 25,000 points\
45 seconds until 50,000\
30 seconds until 100,000\
20 seconds until 250,000 and higher\
\
You get back 1 second for every tile broken\
As the scale of the time changes so does the amount you get back\
So eventually when the timer = 30 seconds total then you get back .5 seconds for every piece instead of 1. \
\

\b TimerFill2.png
\b0 \
- works the same as the TimerFill1.png except only when bonuses are activated\
\

\b TimeTag.png
\b0 \
- display in left corner of upper timer bar (layered on top of both TimerBase and TimerFill)\
\
\
\
\
\ul BONUS GAME FOLDER\
\

\b \ulnone BonusBGOverlay.png
\b0 \
- fade in over basegame during bonus round. Fade out when bonus selection is over.\
\

\b BonusCard_X.png
\b0 \
- when player selects a card, play corresponding award\
\

\b BonusCard_blink.png
\b0 \
- when cards spin out loop this animation until the player chooses a card\
\

\b BonusCard_Dim.png
\b0 \
- cover non selected cards with these dim states. Display bonuses you could have won.\
\

\b BonusCard_SpinOut.png
\b0 \
- play during transition to the bonus game\
\

\b BonusHarryIntro1+2.png
\b0 \
- play during transition to the bonus game\
\

\b BonusHarryLoop1+2.png
\b0 \
- play continuously until player chooses a card\
\

\b BonusHarrySelect1+2.png
\b0 \
- play when player selects a card\
\

\b BonusRoundHeader.png
\b0 \
- play during transition to the bonus game\
\

\b PickACardLoop.png
\b0 \
- play and loop when cards are in their blinking state. remove when card has been chosen.\
\
\
\
}